This is total bullshit!
I don't care if you woke up from this little nap, it doesn't change a thing!
So what if you woke up?
You're still a shit cripple!
Do you know?
Do you think you're my court at age?
Nothing matters.
Except that you woke up?
I'll never let anything happen to you ever again.
I will protect you with everything that I have.
You're mad!
Even a beggar has more in his pocket than you do.
And how will you protect your girl?
With your bed, breath, and body odor?
Here's another corner!
Catch!
I go buy some soap!
Ha ha ha ha!
Don't worry, Dina.
I'll stop laughing.
Don't be ridiculous.
What's your engine you're bringing in that coma?
What a clown.
Say I take your girl right in front of you.
What are you gonna do?
Stand up?
Hit me?
What are you gonna do?